# UCSD Historical Enrollment Data
A repository that hosts some basic historical enrollment data for Spring 2022 and hopefully more!

## Content
This repository will hopefully contain a bunch of CSV files which contain information regarding the number of seats available at some time for certain classes.

I plan on updating this repository somewhat frequently during enrollment periods. 

## Source & Information
The raw CSV files were generated by my [UCSD WebReg Wrapper](https://github.com/ewang2002/ucsd_webreg_rs), specifically the tracker and the associated local API server.

Please note that for `SP22`:
- There may be many CSV files with inaccurate data. This is because I was testing the tracker and associated wrapper functions, which had many logic errors at the time.
- I only have data for lower- and upper-division COGS, MATH, CSE, and ECE courses. 
- Each course is scraped once every ~8 minutes. This is currently dependent on the number of courses that I decide to scrape. My tracker waits 3 seconds between requests (although I could lower this), and there are 161 sections, so there is a delay of roughly 8.05 minutes (plus some more).

In general, also note that:
- The raw files may have some corrupted rows (especially the last rows). This is because I am using a buffered writer, which only occasionally writes to the file. Sometimes, I end up terminating the application before it can write to the file.
- There may be some gaps in time. For example, there may be time periods of 15+ minutes with no data. Additionally, because WebReg does maintenance at random times, there may be long periods of time with no data. 

Cleaning up was done by the few (poorly written) Python scripts that are in this repository. So, you're probably interested in the following folders:
- `cleaned`: A folder containing one CSV file that consists of all CSV files merged together from `raw`.
- `overall`: A folder containing one CSV file per *course* (e.g. CSE 8A with 2 sections would be put in a file called `CSE 8A.csv`). 
- `section`: A folder containing one CSV file per *section* (e.g. CSE 8A with 2 sections `A` and `B` would be put in two files called `CSE 8A_A.csv` and `CSE 8A_B.csv`)

## License
All files here are licensed under the MIT license.